README.rst, before:

.. -*- mode: rst -*-

|Travis|_ |AppVeyor|_ |Codecov|_ |CircleCI|_ |ReadTheDocs|_

.. |Travis| image:: https://travis-ci.org/scikit-learn-contrib/project-template.svg?branch=master
.. _Travis: https://travis-ci.org/scikit-learn-contrib/project-template

.. |AppVeyor| image:: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/coy2qqaqr1rnnt5y/branch/master?svg=true
.. _AppVeyor: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/glemaitre/project-template

.. |Codecov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/scikit-learn-contrib/project-template/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
.. _Codecov: https://codecov.io/gh/scikit-learn-contrib/project-template

.. |CircleCI| image:: https://circleci.com/gh/scikit-learn-contrib/project-template.svg?style=shield&circle-token=:circle-token
.. _CircleCI: https://circleci.com/gh/scikit-learn-contrib/project-template/tree/master

.. |ReadTheDocs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/sklearn-template/badge/?version=latest
.. _ReadTheDocs: https://sklearn-template.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest

project-template - A template for scikit-learn contributions
============================================================

.. _scikit-learn: https://scikit-learn.org

**project-template** is a template project for scikit-learn_ compatible
extensions.

It aids development of estimators that can be used in scikit-learn pipelines
and (hyper)parameter search, while facilitating testing (including some API
compliance), documentation, open source development, packaging, and continuous
integration.

.. _documentation: https://sklearn-template.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quick_start.html

Refer to the documentation_ to modify the template for your own scikit-learn
contribution.

*Thank you for cleanly contributing to the scikit-learn ecosystem!*

Commit message:

basic edits
added some basic edits to the main read me. describing the project and added in some boiler plate gibbs functions

README.rst, after:

.. -*- mode: rst -*-

|Travis|_ |AppVeyor|_ |Codecov|_ |CircleCI|_ |ReadTheDocs|_

.. |Travis| image:: https://travis-ci.org/scikit-learn-contrib/project-template.svg?branch=master
.. _Travis: https://travis-ci.org/scikit-learn-contrib/project-template

.. |AppVeyor| image:: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/coy2qqaqr1rnnt5y/branch/master?svg=true
.. _AppVeyor: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/glemaitre/project-template

.. |Codecov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/scikit-learn-contrib/project-template/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
.. _Codecov: https://codecov.io/gh/scikit-learn-contrib/project-template

.. |CircleCI| image:: https://circleci.com/gh/scikit-learn-contrib/project-template.svg?style=shield&circle-token=:circle-token
.. _CircleCI: https://circleci.com/gh/scikit-learn-contrib/project-template/tree/master

.. |ReadTheDocs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/sklearn-template/badge/?version=latest
.. _ReadTheDocs: https://sklearn-template.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest

Gibbs Sampling
============================================================

.. _scikit-learn: https://scikit-learn.org

The **Gibbs Sampler** or  Gibbs Sampling is a computationally convenient Bayesian inference algorithm. This package implements the Gibbs Sampler using the APIs of scikit-learn objects, which enables the estimator to safely interact with scikit-learn Pipelines and model selection tools.
